Multiple uses with just one set of clamps, offering an incredibly valuable and sensual sensory experience.  
  
Tongue clamps, nipple clamps, scrotum clamps and more…  
  
High-quality zinc alloy material with refined electroplating, less likely to cause allergies.  
Elegant curves enhance the wearing experience, compact and portable for easy carrying.  
Comes with 3 sizes of elastic band, providing suitable wearing sensations for various usage scenarios.  
  
Tongue clamps  
Wearing the clamps, the tongue is hold still by force, so the wearer has to suck.  
The tongue is a private and robust part of the body. Conquering and occupying it can be an exciting experience.  
Wearing the clamps, the wearer is inability to close the lips, saliva overflowing and secreting wildly, That’s the feeling of full-on shame.  
  
Wearing Instructions:  
1\. Select an elastic band of appropriate tightness and loop it around both ends of the pair of clamps.  
2\. Gently pry open the pair of clamps, leaving an appropriate gap.  
3\. Pass the tongue through the gap, slowly clamping it in place.  
4\. Adjust the position of the tongue between the clamps, and once secure, you can fully enjoy.  
  
Nipple clamps:  
Stimulation on the nipple is an essential part of foreplay and flirting, adding spice to the intimacy. The tantalizing touch of the private parts heightens the excitement.  
Different tensions in the elastic bands accommodate various nipple sizes and offer different levels of gripping sensations.  
By providing a gripping sensation alongside a 60-gram weight, it enhances the experience with a pull and tug feeling, intensifying the sensation.  
The large metallic shiny surface, sparkling and reflecting, beautifully complements the graceful curves, delivering a visual delight in its entirety.  
  
Warm Reminder:  
Due to individual differences in tongue length, the wearing effect may vary. Please consider and judge for yourself before making a purchase.  
  
Scrotum clamps:  
Taking off the mask of everyday pretense, exploring the thrill of contrast in a discipline experience.  
A pair of 60-gram metal clamps provide ample weight for a dangling sensation:  
Pulling and tugging on scrotum, delivering an exhilarating sensation.  
Continuously stimulating by tugging on the scrotum, engaging the penis and foreskin, providing a lasting thrill.  
For intensified stimulation, double the thrill by using two pairs of clamps simultaneously, amplifying the sensation to 120 grams.  
  
Wearing Instructions:  
1\. Use an L-sized elastic band to loop around one end of the clamp, leaving the other end open.  
2\. The wearer should relax, allowing the scrotum to hang in a relaxed state. Insert the open end of the metal clip near the base of the scrotum.  
3\. Gently adjust the scrotum and the metal clip, securing the elastic band around the open end of the metal clip.  
4\. Position the clamp closer to the base of the testis, avoiding clipping onto the testis directly. Ensure the tension is not overly tight.  
  
Warm reminder:  
Ensure safety in the usage scenario. Do not wear while sleeping to prevent potential bodily harm.