In 1993, an elderly man named Vokic rescued a stork named Malena.  
Over the next 20 years, Vokic witnessed the unwavering love between Malena and another stork, Klepetan.  
As the seasons changed and migratory birds flew, no matter how far away, Klepetan would always return to Malena each year.  
Until 2019, when Klepetan, dragging his severely injured body, still returned as promised. In the end, he nestled beside his "beloved" and passed away.

We were all deeply moved by this romantic story, so we decided to use the scene of migratory birds flying south as our design theme.  
Ultimately, we presented a collection featuring the silhouettes of sunsets, sea surfaces, mountains, and migratory birds, expressing UPKO's consistent attitude toward intimate relationships.

I love you,  
but I won’t confine you to my side.  
You are as vast and free as mountains, rivers, lakes, and endless stars, and so am I.

**Product features**  
1\. Using high-quality zinc alloy as the raw material, we electroplated it in a luxurious and refined gold to reinterpret it from a modern perspective.  
2\. The raised design of the side-mounted rotary knob not only gives the product a futuristic look with an organic extension but also enhances its overall aesthetic appeal.  
3\. The hand clamps have a slight curve, perfectly conforming to the human skeletal structure.  
4\. By combining various restraint tools, we enrich the experience and broaden the scope of confinement.

**Use Instructions**  
Adjust the bottom knob to the loosest setting. Place each finger into the corresponding position, then turn the knob to the tightest setting.  
The top can be directly connected to a collar, achieving dual restraint for the head and hands.  
\*Note: Please adjust the product's tightness according to your maximum comfort level to avoid personal injury.

**Recommended Play Scenarios**  
Have your partner kneel down and place the gear upon her/him. As the collar and clamps locked into place, your partner becomes your devoted follower, worshipping at your feet.   
Of course, it's not such a bad thing if your partner occasionally makes some "mistakes". At such times, you can slowly tighten the screw again, allowing your partner to feel the increasing sense of restraint and pain as the finger press clamps gradually tighten, administering a small but meaningful punishment.

**Dimensions**  
Diameter of collar: 5.63inches  
Length of clamps: 8.27inches

**Materials**  
Zinc Alloy, copper Alloy
