The Handcufs and Ankle cuffs come from UPKO Classic Collection - Paradise Regain Leather Bondage Collection. Each cuff is fastened with an adjustable buckle and has an O-ring, which can be used for attaching double-end clips, leather hogtie or other accessories. Elevate your bondage experience with genuine leather handcuffs and ankle cuffs. Open your imagination using the O-rings to explore endless restrained positions and poses.

The cuffs are highly durable, providing worryless comfort during all your restraining experiments with the rest of the items from the Paradise Regain collection or other attaching accessories. Unleash your imagination to explore more bondage fun with Paradise Regain Leather Bondage Collection.

  

**Design：**

Made of Italian cowhide, which is known for its supremely luxurious feel and look and its impeccable quality and durability. Polished edges are more comfortable to ware. All the golden hardware are electroplated to be shinning and exquisite, meet the high standard of luxury bags.

You can also finish your BDSM-inspired look with these cuffs in your daily life. This product makes fashionable matching with any outfit. The T-shaped plate decorated with a big ring is a rare, modernized and stylish design.

  

**Materials:**

Italian leather, zinc alloy.

  

**Size:**

Available in 2 sizes. 1.77 inches wide.

Length of Regular size Handcuffs: 5.91-6.89 inches

Length of Large size Handcuffs: 8.07-9.65 inches

Length of Regular size Ankle cuffs: 7.48-8.66 inches

Length of Large size Ankle cuffs: 9.65-11.22 inches

Double-end metal clip: 4 inches

  

100% Discreet Shipping.