Description:

Leather cosplay choker, the T-shaped plate matched with a big ring makes the use easier. The medium width is neither slender nor bulky, offering practical control.  

Leash, the pure leather handle and metal chain provide solid hold and an addition to the rituality. The 39.37 inches length allows unlimited play. The metal clip at the chain end allows single-hand operation with smooth locking.  

Leather handcuffs and ankle cuffs, the T-shaped plate decorated with a large ring makes a unique ornament which can also perfectly match a black outfit as fashion accessories.  

Double-end metal clip, may be used for matching or connecting the handcuffs and ankle cuffs. Hands and feet can be bound with such a short article. With a solid weight, this product will make inescapable restriction.  

Bondage boutique leather hogtie, used with handcuffs and ankle cuffs, this product makes various positions possible. As the belts may be connected with the central ring or used separately, a great variety of usages can be offered.  

Leather spanking paddle, with certain elasticity, the medium hardness of this product provides a good paddling experience. The cushion filling under the leather surface distinguishes this paddle from other products. The holding feeling is also extraordinary.  

Exquisite faux leather suitcase packaging, is perfect for both personal use and gifting.  

Details:

Set includes：  
Cosplay choker\*1  
Leash\*1  
Handcuffs\*2   
Ankle cuffs\*2  
Leather Hogties\*4  
Leather paddle\*1  
Double-end metal clips\*2

Materials: Italian leather, zinc alloy

Packing size: 525\*225\*184mm