This Bondage Belt comes from UPKO Classic Collection - Paradise Regain Leather Collection. It's fastened with an adjustable buckle and has an O-ring, 4 D-rings. which can be used for attaching double-end clips, leather hogtie, handcuffs/ankle cuffs or other accessories. The big O-ring can be buckled with the handcuffs and shackles in the stance, hogtied, backbend kneeling and other positions. Elevate your bondage experience with genuine leather thigh cuffs. Open your imagination using the O-ring and the D-ring to explore endless restrained positions and poses. 

  
The belt is highly durable, providing worryless comfort during all your restraining experiments with the rest of the items from the Paradise Regain collection or other attaching accessories. Unleash your imagination to explore more bondage fun with Paradise Regain Leather Collection.

  
**Design：**  
Made of Italian cowhide, which is known for its supremely luxurious feel and look and its impeccable quality and durability. Polished edges are more comfortable to ware. All the golden hardware are electroplated to be shinning and exquisite, meet the high standard of luxury bags.   
You can also finish you BDSM-inspired look with this belt in your daily life. This product makes fashionable matching with any outfit. The T-shaped plate decorated with a big ring is a rare, modernized and stylish design.

  
**Materials:**   
Italian leather, zinc alloy.

**Size:**  
Width: 1.77 inches  
Regular Length: 25.79-33.07 inches  
Large Length: 31.49-38.58 inches  

100% Discreet Shipping. 