Description:

Never formalize relationships and never take serious the serious. Silk, satin, feather, soft materials soften your protective shell. The Latin word Carpe Diem means to seize the day. You and your partner will be brought back to the adventure paradise and start treasure seeking.

As the vision is cut off, other perceptions are amplified. You can feel your partner more intuitively and embrace the unprecedented The blindfold is made of 100% class-A silk and can directly contact with baby skin. The 16 momme thickness completely shuts out the light while making your touch more sensitive. The elastic belt ensures a good wearing experience and makes the product suitable for both men and women.

As the legs are opened, a mystery field is revealed. Arms getting closer, the fragile body is trussed up brutally. Just for a moment, show coquetry and let your partner be in charge. The party night has yet to end. The dangling satin bondage shows a silky texture and fine gloss, well surpassing other bondages and ropes in the market. The 54.33 inches length satisfies all kinds of position requirements.

Rising and falling, the feather goes with the body figure. All the tease, the itch and the heartbeat portrait a giddy atmosphere and cultivate sweet desire. The ostrich feathers have been processed with fumigation and disinfection. The stick and feathers can be both connected and parted.

Exquisite packaging enables it to be a perfect gift.

Set includes：  
Silk blindfold\*1  
Satin storage bag\*1  
Satin restraints\*2  
Feather tickler\*1  
  

Packing size: 372\*92\*22mm