Description:

The occasional flapping wings of butterflies in the rainforests of the southern hemisphere, may cause a tornado in the northern hemisphere.  
  
The temptation of the boundaries of desire in intimate relationships will also trigger a hormonal storm on a candlelit night.  
  
UPKO Butterfly Effect body accessories collection  
Dress your body and set off a hormonal storm  
  
Handcrafted with skin-friendly premium Italian cowhide  
To make you look stunning and gorgeous like a butterfly.  
  
The original designed high-quality metal parts shine twinkling lights  
Delicate and pretty, stunning and fairy-like.  
  
Beautify the body to voice out your physical charm  
Boost the visual impact and enjoyment during intimacy.  
  
The exquisite design makes itself a fashionable wearing  
Suitable for coloring and varying your daily looks.  
  
The sizes are adjustable for different body types.  
  
The DIY wearing process is itself a journey of exploration.  
  
Choker can be wearing separately in your daily life  
Integrate with chain leash as a set to get more fun in play  
Use the choker as an accessory to spice your look up.  

Materials:

Italian leather, zinc alloy, Copper, Zircon, Silicone

Dimensions:

Main structure  
Height: 15.75 inches  
  
b. Baroque nipple pasties  
Diameter: 2.2 inches  
  
c. Choker  
Length: 6.3 inches  
Adjustable circumference: 13.97 inches- 14.96 inches  
  
d. Front side of waist belt：  
Length: 14.88 inches  
Width: 0.98 inches  
  
Leather buckles:  
Length: 1.97 inches  
Width: 0.59 inches  
Adjustable circumference: 26.77 inches- 31.1 inches  
  
e. Thigh cuffs  
Width: 0.98 inches  
Adjustable circumference: 20.27 inches- 21.85 inches  
  
f. Connecting belts of waist belt and thigh cuffs  
Width: 0.59 inches  
Adjustable length: 4.33 inches- 4.92 inches  
  
g. Thin body chains  
Length: 27.56 inches  
Diameter: 0.08 inches  
  
h. Thick body chain  
Length: 10.63 inches  
Diameter: 0.16 inches

Packing size: 462\*207\*92mm