Bunny Girl - the eternal sexy byword  
Take a look and you would fall for it.  
A full set of clothing to spice your sexiness up.  
Detailed workmanship to make your more comfy.  
  
Bodysuit  
Uses super stretch fabric, making it soft and light.  
The side splicing and briefs design help shape the body and elongate the legs.  
The wireless U-shape design keeps your upper posture straight comfortably.  
Easier to wear with the buckled crotch and sexier outlook with the exposed buttocks.  
The backless design fully shows up your feminine charm and body curve.

Bunny-ear Headwear  
The ultimate definition for cuteness and vitality.

Collar  
Refined fitting style with a satin finish.  
Satin and sheen in finish, stereo and fitting in style.

Adjustable Suspender Tights with Straps and Waistband  
Adjustable straps for multiple body types, which optimizes the waist-to-hip ratio and doubles the sexiness.  
Adjustable back buckle to wear the rabbit tail and elastic leg suspenders for personalized comfort.  
The switch of cuteness and sexiness, the duet of hotness and charm.  

Materials:  
Bodysuit:  
Lace: spandex 12%, nylon 88%  
Binding: spandex 40%, nylon 60%  
Elastic band: polyester 85.5%, elastodiene fibre 14.5%  
Collar: Polyester 100%  
Tail: Rex Rabbit Fur  
Bunny-ear headwear: faux leather  
  
Measurement:  
Bunny-ear headwear:  
Height: 11.81 inches  
Width: 4.33 inches  
  
Bodysuit:  
Size: S  
Underbust: 27.56 inches- 31.5 inches  
Waist: 23.6 inches-31.5 inches  
Waist belt adjustable：23.6 inches-29.53 inches  
  
Size: M  
Underbust: 29.53 inches- 33.46 inches  
Waist: 25.6 inches-33.46 inches  
Waist belt adjustable：26 inches-32.28 inches