Sweet snow dream～

Spring is here and romance is in the air.

Imported rhinestone is embellished, shining and catching  
Exquisite zinc alloy and brass material with real gold electroplated.  
Refined in selection and workmanship, superior quality than fine accessories.

Snowflake style: it’s cute and romantic, dolce and loving  
Snowman style: The two Czech imported rhinestones are built into a snowman, twinkling and sparkling.  
Two shapes to choose from.

Detailed in non-slip round waveform, it’s comfortable and not falling off.  
With a clip-on design, it’s tight but pain-free.  
Decorate the body to seduce and flirt.  
Be uniquely sexy and gorgeous.  
Continuously stimulate the private area,  
Sensitize your sensitive points.  
Exert some gentle force, get the storm of lust sparked off within.  
Follow the cadent bodily exercise rhythm.  
Feel the chemistry from bottom sweep through.  
  
**How to use:**  

*   Wear the jewelry on both sides of clitoral or labia separately, or ask your lover to do it for you to feel special pleasure and intimacy. Unique and pretty, the visual enjoyment is attached while decorating the body. The clamped private area becomes more sensitive to interplay and teasing. At the moment of being clamped, it gets hot as the slight pain and tension is felt. When the clip is taken off, the private part will be extra sensitive when a gentle touch, the sweet game between lovers, is what’s necessary.

**Snowflake style**

Materials:  
Zinc alloy, brass, rhinestone  
  
Dimensions:  
Length of the clamp: 0.78 inches  
Length of the chain: 1.38 inches  
Diameter of the snowflake: 0.78 inches

**Snowman style**  

Materials:  
Brass, rhinestone  
  
Dimensions:  
Length of the clamp: 0.78 inches  
Length of the chain: 1.38 inches  
Length of the dangler: 0.86 inches