**Description:**

Condensing the essence of the planet  
Honoring the infinity of the Universe  
UPKO uses rare leather, precious metals and brilliant stones from earth  
To produce the newly upgraded Black Label Collection  
To give a beautiful metaphor for the intimate relation  
  
Use selected Italian cowhide as the main material, same as that of luxury brands, and produce manually by artisans with rich experience.  
Exquisite brass hardware electroplated with gold. Shinier luxury comes with upgraded quality.  
By using Indonesian lizard skin, each piece of leather has a unique natural pattern. The raw materials are obtained in line with the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora.  
Adopted Czech Republic Zircons, which looks just like the twinkling scattered stars. Time, the unfailing crayon, will carve out an endless enduring halo.  
Planets in orbits and stars of gold are scattered in the void outer space, marking out their own untouchable tracks in the depths of darkness.  
The combination of rare leather and metal has brought great challenges to the producing craftsmanship  
  
Streamlined whip tip  
Customized astrolabe cover  
The planets orbits around the stars  
Pay attention to daily protection of the whip  
(Please take off the cover when playing the whip)  
Extra long in 37.4inches  
Hand-woven with Italian cowhide  
The whip padding within uses genuine leather  
To achieve the extraordinary flexibility and tenderness  
To make more smooth swing and rebound gestures

Materials:  
Italian leather，zirconium，Gold-plated brass parts，Indonesian lizard skin  
(Convention on international trade in  
endangered species of wild fauna and flora)  
  
Dimensions:  
Total length: 37.4 inches  
Handle: 1.97 inches  
Head cover: 3.15\*1.18 inches