UEROS Multi-motor Pulse Vibrator is designed to inspire sexual wellbeing, stimulate ultimate satisfaction and bring female pleasure to the forefront. If you are eager and brave to try new sexual experiences, please do not hesitate to try it out. Its unique structure and pulse vibration mode will bring you an unparalleled pleasure experience.

**Unique structure & special vibration modes**  
Three motors arranged linearly, the alternating back-and-forth vibrations will bring you a unique sensation. The 3 motors will also create three-dimensional stimulation at the right spots.   
Support 6 pulse vibration modes, feel the ups and downs of fancy thrusting.

**Super friendly Size**  
Shape: Crafted by a female team with firsthand experience, the unique oval design conforms better to the female anatomy making insertion more easier and more comfortable.  
Size: The elastic vibration motor is only 2cm at the head point, small and unique; the rod body can be compressed to 3cm, which is convenient for insertion into the body; after insertion, it rebounds to 4cm, giving a full feeling of filling.  
So the vibrator is good for beginners and advanced users alike, but because the product features internal stimulation, we highly recommend apply water-based lubricant when you use the product for insertion and an overall pleasurable experience.

**Variety ways to play**  
1\. Choose any motor for external stimulation.  
2\. Insert two motors for internal stimulation. After entering the body, the center of the first motor is about 7cm above the vagina, stimulating the G-spot area; the second one is 4cm below the vagina, bringing resonance between the perineum and the vestibular nerves.  
3\. Enter three motors to better experience the "simulated thrusting" feeling, keep the vibrator still in the body, and fully feel the reciprocating vibrations of the three motors at different rhythms.  
4\. Dual stimulation. We recommend that you use one motor for external stimulation first to to heighten arousal and stimulation prior. Then try to insert two motors for internal stimulation. At this time, you can gently lift the vibrator and use the third motor to stimulate the c-spot to enjoy the pleasure of dual stimulation.  
\*Please kindly note, as with any insertable toy, we highly recommend using water-based lubricant for your comfort and safety. 

**Technical Supports**  
The internal skeleton is made of Delrin material, easily bends without breaking.  
The external silicone is FDA-certified for body-safe silicone.   
Waterproof with IPX7 level. Easy to clean, and can be used safely underwater.  
Magnetic charging design, very convenient.  
High energy endurance, continuous pleasure, and unbridled enjoyment.

**Innovative functions**  
One-click access to Preferred Mode.   
After turning on the vibrator, find your favorite mode, press both power and vibration buttons at the same time, and wait for 1.5 seconds until the indicator light flashes, which means that the vibrator remembered your preferred mode.  
The next time you turn on the device, in any mode, press the vibration button for 1.5 seconds to instantly switch to your favorite mode.  
\*Please keep the vibrator fully charged. When the battery is run off, the preferred mode will become invalid and needs to be reset after it is fully charged.  
Enjoy worry-free travel with Travel Lock  
When the vibrator is off, press power and vibration buttons at the same time and wait for 1.5 seconds until the indicator light flashes, which means the travel lock function is set. You don't have to worry about accidental opening when traveling. 

**Product Details**  
Material: ABS, POM, silicone  
Charging time: 90mins  
Usage time: ≥ 60mins  
Battery: lithium battery  
Entry depth: 150mm  
Total length: 239mm  
Diameter: 20-40mm

**UEROS Guarantee**  
Discreet Shipping & Free shipping world-wide.  
One-year product warranty.  
We hope all the users can enjoy exploring themselves safely and freely. Therefore, to protect your health and that of others, we do not accept any return or replacement if the products have no quality problems when products have been unpackaged or unsealed.

Click here to check the [Instruction Manuals.](https://vimeo.com/999423619)

**About UEROS**  
A sensual pleasure brand spearheaded by a female-founded team. The team has been deeply involved in the adult industry for several years and has created an original BDSM brand——UPKO.   
We empathize deeply, starting with our own needs as women, and deliver a unique blend of design and cross-disciplinary technology to provide female users with fresh, unconventional human-machine interaction experiences.   
What we deliver isn't just the orgasm itself, but also the imaginative journey of pleasure along the way.