**Description:**

During the intimate play, taking the control is not the purpose of intimate relationship, equality and balance can be harmonious and lasting.  
“The Chess” Collection integrates chess elements into toys, adding the invisible tension like the game-playing confrontation for intimate play. It is the frictional blending between bodies, but also the collision and sublimation of wisdom and mood to bring a fun harmony to the harmonious relationship.  
  
The king is the decisive piece in chess, also a goal that both sides are competing for. Meanwhile, the king himself is vulnerable and needs the projection of other generals.  
This wonderful setting for the mysterious anus which can not get close to unless multiple tests is the deep and sensitive area of the body. Once occupied, it declares enough trust and conquest in intimacy.

**Features:**

  
It remains the shape design of the KING’s full chess piece.  
It symbolizes the dominance of power.  
It is convenient to hold in hand and enjoy the feeling of control.  
The crown still stands after the butt plug is plugged in, which forms a sense of shame based on contrast.  
The master holds THE CHESS piece and slightly strokes it, to enjoy the feedback and response of your partner’s body under control.  
Solid zinc alloy material, stands for the weight of power, feeling practical and realistic.  
The zinc alloy material is exquisitely electroplated, to avoid causing allergy, appearing safe and assured.  
It is a big test for the player as it is closely clamped to prevent from slipping, showing a strong sense of existence every second. It means to develop and also exercise your sphincter to become increasingly firm and strong.  
The chess piece base combines with the anal plug skillfully and seamlessly. The integrated design decides the happiness of “buttocks”.  
The diameter is 1.18inches, which is applicable to both a novice and an experienced player.

Material:  
zinc alloy  
  
Dimensions:  
Total length: 5.51inches  
Diameter of the widest point:  
1.18inches  
Net weight:253g