**Description:**

During the intimate play, taking the control is not the purpose of intimate relationship, equality and balance can be harmonious and lasting.  
“The Chess” Collection integrates chess elements into toys, adding the invisible tension like the game-playing confrontation for intimate play. It is the frictional blending between bodies, but also the collision and sublimation of wisdom and mood to bring a fun harmony to the harmonious relationship.  
  
The embodiment of dominance, a burst of pleasure during the play.  
Queen is a symbol of the dominance in chess. It is said that when the chess was introduced in Europe, there were multiple legend “queens” as rules in the royal family, such as Mary I who also was called the “Bloody Mary” and Isabella I in Spain. These queens could be powerful in the real world; In the context of European history, as a chess piece, the power of the queen also increased greatly.

**Features:**

  
Kegel Ball is also a magic tool to exercise “female inner strength”. It is hard to exercise pelvic floor muscles as deep muscles. Dr. Arnold Kegel, a gynaecologist, has invented an exercise for contracting pelvic floor muscles named after himself. Kegel Ball is the tool for exercising pelvic floor muscles. A small ball with certain weight is put in body for fighting gravity, the wearer will subconsciously clamp and tighten up it, thereby exercising the pelvic floor muscles, and facilitating women’s health and the quality of couple’s sexual life.  
Two balls with different diameters, bring you more abundant and friendly use experience,  
and this friendly design brings you a progressive pleasant sensation.  
The queen styling design with a crown, appears more aggressive and beautiful and conquers your desires.  
The design of ergonomics, with a beautiful appearance, the flat pull plate and the streamline facial groove, fit snugly with the thumb for punching in use, and the high elastic silicone rope is connected for safe use.  
When you try to attempt the \[tug-of-war\] with your partner, the flirtation is upgraded which enables your intimate play more interesting.

Material:  
zinc alloy, copper alloy, Silicone  
  
Dimensions:  
Total length: 8.66inches  
Diameter of small ball: 0.78inches  
Diameter of big ball: 0.98inches  
Net weight: 95g