UPKO Luxury Essential BDSM Bondage Restraint Set can fit all your kinky needs, suitable for all kinds of BDSM scenes.

Not only it includes all the essential tools, also the trunk itself can provide multiple storage function. Shows the sense of luxury and quality from inside out, recognized by professional players and has become increasingly popular worldwide.

Prepare to elevate your BDSM experiences with this meticulously crafted collection. Unveiling a world where pleasure meets luxury, this 14-piece vertical trunk kit is designed to ignite your desires and push the boundaries of pleasure.

Click to check our newest [Unboxing Video](https://www.instagram.com/reel/C9sEgWqy4KL/?utm_source=ig_web_copy_link&igsh=MzRlODBiNWFlZA==)[](https://www.instagram.com/reel/C9sEgWqy4KL/?utm_source=ig_web_copy_link&igsh=MzRlODBiNWFlZA==)[](https://youtube.com/shorts/5g-Flws592U?si=LrBQ2yU3_K-4NzqR).

**Material:**

All the SM tools inside are made of Italian cowhide and exquisite hardware, which meets the high standard of luxury handbags. The lining of the trunk is made of high-quality velvet.

**Features:**

UPKO Luxury BDSM Vertical Trunk Kit contains 14 pieces BDSM tools. Including Blindfold, mouth gag, choker with leash, handcuffs and ankle cuffs, hogties, paddle, whip, spanking stick, riding crop, flogger, spreader bar, fox tail butt plug. They can be used in any combination for a variety of play to ensure an optimal experience, full of unknown pleasure.

Thuddy Toys - Paddle & Flogger

Designed for a broad, deep impact, they are characterized by their impactful nature, perfect for a weighty sensation, making a lasting impression on both body and mind.

Stingy Toys - Riding crop, Spanking stick and Whip.

Offering a sharp, localized sensation, they are characterized by sharp, concentrated snaps that ignite the senses, providing a swift and intense experience that arouses desire.

Handcuffs & Ankle cuffs

All the cuffs can be connected by the leather hog-tie to easily achieve most of the bondage positions you'd like to try.

Sade Trunk

It's designed in a size of 860\*170\*315(mm). The combination lock not only can protect your privacy, also make it more portable, you can travel with it safely. The 4 metal corner protectors make the Sade Trunk classic and sturdy. It provides spotted leather fasteners to protect and store the products inside in a better way. The 4 drawers on the left side are perfect for extra storage with small pieces of accessories, but please check the size of drawer before you place order if you would like to place something big inside, since the space is limited designed for the consideration of the proper full size. For the right side, there are 6 metal hooks, suitable for the storage of SP tools and keep them in order.

**Products list:**

Leather choker with leash\*1

Leather handcuffs\*2

Leather ankle cuffs\*2

Leather hogties\*4

Leather spanking paddle\*1

Leather blindfold\*1

Middle Heart-shaped Breathable Mouth Gag\*1

Leather flogger\*1

Spanking stick\*1

Leather spreader bar\*1

Leather riding crop\*1

Leather thorn whip\*1

Fox Fur Tail Small Butt Plug\*1

**\*Free Shipping & Discreet Shipping Worldwide\***

**Notice:**

We provide Adjustable **Regular Size** Leather Choker and Leather Handcuffs/Ankle cuffs in The Trunk Kit.

Also, if you want to choose a large size, please send us a message or email or leave a note on your order, then we will process your order with large size items you choose.
