Based on the design of Double Bar Nipple Clamps. UPKO has incorporated the Vibration Function, introducing a fresh wave of excitement. The vibrating sensation of pleasure will be transmitted through the body via metal, establishing a connection between love and enjoyment. It's not merely a sought-after accessory that sways gracefully as you move, but also an engine propelling you towards the peak of sensory pleasure.

**Enhanced combination**

Double bar nipple clamps: the bar-shaped linear design makes nipples prominent regularly, wavering and appearing shy. Bring a fresh visual experience.

Clitoral clamp with chain: the long chain and the small round ball delicately adorning the secret garden between the legs.

Vibration unit: connects to three sensitive points on the body-breasts and private parts. Turn on the vibration, the pleasure, like a triple concerto, spreads throughout the body.

The design inspiration comes from the Möbius strip, perpetually looping back and forth. Within its concise topological structure lies endless imagination, much like humanity's exploration of desire, where pleasure is boundless.

**Unique Experience**

Gently moving the balls on both sides, the tightness of Double Bar Clamps can be adjusted, and the pain level can be changed. All under your control.

The slow twiddling and dragging will make her/his sensitive nipples extremely perky and florid, as well as sensitive.

The play of cross-bar extrusion and stress can last longer without excessive pain.

The round ball falls naturally to make the private parts more sensitive and provocative.

The increasing dragging sense makes the physical or mental suffering more excessive. Jingling of every step indicates that the most private position is "bitten" helplessly.

The vibration mode connects sensitive points to enhance pleasure.

  

**Instructions For Use**

1.  Adjust the metal ball to the middle position before turning on the vibration, then place the nipples in the metal rods on both sides, pinch the metal rods and push the metal balls from the inside to the outside to the appropriate position.
    
2.  Open the clitoral clamp, put it on the labia, and slowly close the clamp.
    
3.  Press the power button, turn on the vibration. Press it again to turn off and stop the vibration.
    

  

**Product Details**

Nipple Clamp: zinc alloy

Clitoral Chain Accessories: copper alloy, zinc alloy

Battery: CR2032 Lithium Battery\*2

\*Using time is about 90 minutes. Please kindly note that if the CR2032 Lithium Battery runs out of power, you can unscrew the battery cover and replace it with a new one.

  

The length of Double Bar Nipple Clamps is 12.2 inch

Total length of Clitoral Chain Accessories is 18.9 inch