Turn your bedroom into a fantasy SM space with the UPKO Bowknot Bed Restraint Straps, which fit snugly under your mattress. This set features 3 pair of restraint straps—one pair of handcuffs over the head, one pair of ankle cuffs with two adjustable connecting straps, and one pair of individual handcuffs. Allowing you to secure your lover's wrists and ankles in a spread-eagle position, among other options.  
UPKO has elevated the design by incorporating a decorative bow element, adding a touch of elegance and making it feel like an exquisite gift that enhances the romantic atmosphere. The upgraded straps are sturdier and more durable, featuring custom hardware for flexible adjustment and combination, ensuring a worry-free and enjoyable experience.

**How To Use**  
1\. Lay the restraint straps flat and identify the front and back. Lift one end of the mattress and place the restraint under the mattress.  
2\. Wrap both ends of the restraint around the corners of the mattress, aligning them straight against the mattress for symmetry.  
3\. The hand restraint should be positioned in the center above the mattress at this point. The length can be adjusted just like the two connecting straps.   
Please kindly note: this product is suitable for **king size** mattresses only.

For The Wrists:   
1\. The built-in hand restraints on the bed straps can be used to secure your partner's hand together over their head.   
2\. The individual bowknot handcuffs can secure your partner's hands to the two corners of the bed. Alternatively, you can use metal clips to fasten their hands in front of their chest or below their knees.  
For The  Legs:  
The length of ankle cuffs can be adjusted. So you can use them to restrain your partner's thighs, knees, and of course, the ankles. At the same time, you can adjust the two connecting straps to achieve any position you want.

**Play Scenario Recommendations**  
1\. Spread Eagle Bondage Position  
Using UPKO Bowknot Bed Restraint Straps to mix with Spread Eagle Position can make it more exciting. By securing your partner's wrists and ankles/thigh/knees to the two corners of the bed, you can complete access to the body. The vulnerability this pose can make it very exciting for everyone involved, and it allows for a variety of sexy or kinky activities -- like with blindfolds or impact play.  
2\. Doggy Style Position  
If you’re already a fan of the doggy style sex position, why not spice it up with UPKO Bowknot Bed Restraint Straps? Start with your partner on all four, then enforce the position with bondage. Secure your partner's hands together with the built-in hand restraints on the bed straps. You can even use ankle cuffs to spread their legs, which makes this position even more erotic.  
\*Explore more bondage positions by checking the product pictures.

**Size**  
Restraint straps width: 2 inches  
Adjustable length of handcuffs and ankle cuffs: 5.5-8.3 inches  
Adjustable length of individual bowknot handcuffs: 6.7-8.7 inches

Applicable mattress dimensions(king size only):  
Width: 70.9 inches  
Thickness: 5.9-11.8 inches
