**Description:**

Overcome psychological barriers, boldly experience and try.  
Ergonomic design，and the striped pattern facilitates easy entry."  
Grooves store more lubricant, ensuring smoother entry into the sphincter muscle."  
Manual rotation provides an ultra-pleasurable massage and stimulation of the sphincter muscle!"  
Adorable light blue color and cute mushroom-shaped design, with a set in hand and three sizes available, it's great for both beginners and experienced users.  
Sensation progresses step by step, with unique pleasure in each stage.  
Ultra-lightweight, no risk of inflation, and resistant to slipping.  
Made from super smooth silicone for an incredibly comfortable experience.

**Features:**  
  
「Supernova」- 0.98in of diameter, easy entry for beginners, just the perfect warm-up.  
For most beginners and newcomers, the anal area is a land of exploration, yet the tight sphincter repeatedly shakes its head in resistance. However, the anal sphincter does possess certain expansion and contraction abilities. The 「Supernova」 with a diameter of 0.98in, is a beginner-friendly size, perfect for novice exploration and anal warm-up. It easily breaks through barriers. It can also serve as a warm-up phase for experienced players, representing the gradual and initial step.  
  
「Powerhouse」-1.26in of diameter, powerful sensations, pure joy and elation.  
With the warm-up complete, it's time for this mid-level powerhouse to take the stage. This size provides a significant sensation of expansion and a massage-like pleasure to the anal sphincter. As the mushroom-shaped head smoothly penetrates the sphincter, the muscles in the lower body relax in tandem. Muscles that are typically private and conservative are opened up, and the inner soft defenses also melt away, saying HELLO to a new world!  
  
「Challenger」-1.65in of diameter, a brave adventurer's journey.  
Challenge yourself and experience the exhilaration of a seasoned expert! After thorough lubrication and warm-up, the mushroom, generously coated with lubricant, slowly pushes through the anal sphincter. Adjust your breathing, the sphincter contracts and relaxes, gradually experiencing the sensation of being entered inch by inch, encapsulating this joyful treasure. There's no need to rush for instant success; you can attempt multiple times based on your bodily sensations, seeking a unique and delightful experience.  

Material:  
Silicone  
  
Dimensions:  
  
Small size: diameter of 0.98 inches  
Medium size: diameter of 1.26 inches  
Large size: diameter of 1.65 inches