**Description:**

Condensing the essence of the planet  
Honoring the infinity of the Universe  
UPKO uses rare leather, precious metals and brilliant stones from earth  
To produce the newly upgraded Black Label Collection  
To give a beautiful metaphor for the intimate relation  
  
Use selected Italian cowhide as the main material, same as that of luxury brands, and produce manually by artisans with rich experience.  
Exquisite brass hardware electroplated with gold. Shinier luxury comes with upgraded quality.  
By using Indonesian lizard skin, each piece of leather has a unique natural pattern. The raw materials are obtained in line with the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora.  
Adopted Czech Republic Zircons, which looks just like the twinkling scattered stars. Time, the unfailing crayon, will carve out an endless enduring halo.  
Planets in orbits and stars of gold are scattered in the void outer space, marking out their own untouchable tracks in the depths of darkness.  
The combination of rare leather and metal has brought great challenges to the producing craftsmanship.  
  
The planet and halo design at the end of the handle is like a new ecology bursting out of the ordered universe, an old system falling into a black hole and withering, the infinite eternity in which you and I have been immersed in.

Materials:  
Italian leather，zirconium，Gold-plated brass parts，Indonesian lizard skin  
(Convention on international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora)  
  
Dimensions:  
Total length: 28.94 inches  
Length of handle: 8.86 inches  
Diameter of handle: 0.78 inches  
Length of head: 3.94 inches  
Width of head: 1.42 inches  
Diameter of crop: 0.39 inches