Description:

Positive infinity in love!  
Free control, easy movements, agile precision and non-falling!  
Free your hands for more pleasant postures  
UPKO uses an innovative neck link to achieve a double triangle structure that does not shift or fall apart no matter how it moves.  
The crotch triangle balances the pulling power, which is broad and firm;  
The neck triangle pulls the force up and keeps the false penis from slacking down!  
The link belt on the neck runs down, serving as the visual attraction to the front breast. It has an ascetic and seductive ambivalence, a sense of honorable discipline, and a sense of authoritative reliability, drawing much attention from people.  
Almost all parts of the kits are adjustable and can fit any body shape.  
Preferred safety nylon bandage, stable and comfortable, silky and skin-friendly  
Fitting perfectly with the nylon bandage, single-pull adjustment for a smooth play  
UPKO original designed adjustable stair button  
Easier to operate than the traditional buckle  
Single-click operation, simple and beautiful

Dildos of three different sizes, each of them is perfect match the harness kit!  
  
Small size:  
The small size is the best choice for beginners. It’s narrow to the width of two fingers with painless and smooth acceptance. You are no longer afraid of premature ejaculation/psychological barriers, and can get into the hot experience through gentle consideration.  
  
Large size:  
The large size is what advanced players must choose! Aggressive and breathtaking with magnified sensory and infinite happiness.  
  
Remote dildo:  
The remote vibration style has gully simulation design on the head and can accurately scratch and knock to the deepest.  
The 10 remote control vibration modes at different frequencies, increases the wearer's choices for control, bringing double happiness and performing better than a real person!

**Materials:**

Harness kit: Polyester, Zinc alloy

Dildos: silicone

**Dimensions:**

Harness kit:

Circumference: 32.67-39.37inches  
Connecting belt: 9.84-17.71inches  
Choker: 13.78-15.74inches  

Dildos:

**Small size:** 

Length: 5.19inches  
Diameter of dildo: 0.98inches  
Diameter of base: 1.93inches  
Weight: 76g  

**Large size:**

Length: 6.1inches  
Diameter of dildo: 1.18inches  
Diameter of base: 2.12inches  
Weight: 138g

**Wireless remote control dildo:**

Length: 5.9inches  
Diameter of dildo: 1.1inches  
Diameter of base: 2.56inches  
Weight: 109g