「Love is a constant tug-of-war」

Introducing UPKO new design: Mystic Bond Collection - Belt With Labia Extender Clamps.   
Innovatively combining BOA® Fit System with erotic scenarios. By rotating the button, the strings connected with the labia extender clamps will be tightened, enabling stimulation and control of sensitive areas.  
The sophisticated structure inside the BOA® Fit System supports smooth one-handed operation and allows for easy retraction and release. Control the desires with the strings and immerse yourself in the fun of the play.

**How To Use**  
1\. Rotate the button clockwise to smoothly tighten the two steel strings.  
2\. Gently pull up the button to pull out and release the strings.  
3\. Push the button back to its original position and rotate it clockwise again to tighten the strings.  
Please kindly note:  
To prevent tangling, retract the strings to their shortest length before storing.

**Play Scenario Recommendations**  
1\. Truth Or Dare  
Mystic Bond Collection is turning into a tool of punishment and rewards now. Try to ask some questions that are sexy and erotic. Release or tighten the strings? You can decide it. See if the submissive will voluntarily ask for punishment.  
2\. Mirror's Reflection  
In front of the mirror, you are both the performer and the audience, experiencing the game while also observing it. The spatial illusion enhances sensory stimulation, and the dual stimulation of both body and vision will provide you with a more extraordinary experience.  
3\. Drink it up & Don't waste a drop  
When the labia clamps are pulling up, revealing the whole scenery. Try to use UPKO Mini Vibrator or Remote-control Wand Vibrator to enhance the stimulation now. A beautifully juicy fruit shall be shown.   
\*To enjoy the play more immersively, we highly reconmend you to purchase "[Collar with pulling nipple clamps](https://www.upkoofficialshop.com/collections/new-arrivals-2021/products/mystic-bond-collection-collar-with-pulling-nipple-clamps)" to wear as a whole set. Click here to check the details of Collar with pulling nipple clamps.

**Product Details**  
Made of Italian cowhide, which is known for its supremely luxurious feel and look and its impeccable quality and durability. All the golden hardware are electroplated to be shinning and exquisite, meet the high standard of luxury bags. The bow-tie element adds a touch of refinement to the entire product. The nipple/labia clamps tightness is easily adjustable with the screw knob, offering both simplicity and convenience. The clamp head is covered with a silicone sleeve, which provides a firmer grip on sensitive areas and enhances stimulation.

**Size:**   
The Belt adjustable: 27-34.4 inches  
The length of the string: 11 inches

**Materials：**  
Italian leather, zinc alloy, PA.